update 1.21 release notes (#14717)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.21.x/announcing-1.21/change-notes/index.md

- **Fixed** a memory leak when a `ServiceEntry` is removed.
([Issue #47893](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/47893))

> - **Fixed** a bug when there are more than one services with same host name within the same namespace, a `STRICT_DNS cluster without endpoints` error could occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** a bug when there is more than one service with the same host name within the same namespace,
  a `STRICT_DNS cluster without endpoints` error could occur.
```

> - **Fixed** a bug when there are more than one services with same host name within the same namespace, that could occur `STRICT_DNS cluster without endpoints` error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** a bug when there are more than one services with same host name within the same namespace, a `STRICT_DNS cluster without endpoints` error could occur.
```

([Issue #49489](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49489))

> - **Fixed** an issue occurs when using a delegate in a `VirtualService`, the effective `VirtualService` may not be consistent with expectations due to a sorting error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue that when using a delegate in a `VirtualService`, the effective `VirtualService` may not be
  consistent with expectations due to a sorting error.
```

([Issue #49539](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49539))

> - **Fixed** a bug when specify a `URI` regex `.*` match within a `VirtualService` http route, it does not short circuit the other http routes behind.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** a bug where specifying a URI regex `.*` match within a `VirtualService` HTTP route did not short-circuit the subsequent HTTP routes.
```

> - **Fixed** sending stale name table when pure HTTP headless service endpoints changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** sending stale name table when pure HTTP headless service endpoints are changed.
```

> - **Fixed** sending stale name table when pure HTTP headless service endpoints changed.

Reviewer 3: miss issue link？

Author: It was not there in the release notes in the PR

> - **Fixed** a bug for IPv6 only clusters that prevented `ServiceEntry` based listeners from having correct `SNI` matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** a bug for IPv6 only clusters that prevented ServiceEntry-based listeners from having correct SNI matches.
```

([Issue #49476](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49476))

> - **Fixed** an issue where the local client contained incorrect entries in the local `DNS` name table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where the local client contained incorrect entries in the local DNS name table.
```

([Issue #47340](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/47340))

> - **Fixed** a bug where `VirtualServices` containing wildcard hosts that aren't present in the service registry are ignored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** a bug where `VirtualService` containing wildcard hosts that aren't present in the service registry are ignored.
```

- **Updated** the default value of the feature flag `VERIFY_CERT_AT_CLIENT` to `true`.
This means server certificates will be automatically verified using the OS CA certificates when not using a `DestinationRule` `caCertificates` field.
If undesired, please use the new `compatibilityVersion` feature
to fallback to old behavior, or `insecureSkipVerify` field
in `DestinationRule` to skip the verification.

> - **Added** an environment variable `COMPLIANCE_POLICY` to
> Istio components for enforcing TLS restriction for compliance
> with FIPS. When set to `fips-140-2` on the Istiod container,
> the Istio Proxy container, and all other Istio components,
> TLS version is restricted to `v1.2`, the cipher suites to a
> subset of `ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256`,`ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256`,
> `ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384`, `ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384`,
> and ECDH curves to `P-256`.
> 
>     These restrictions apply on the following data paths:
>     * Google gRPC side requests from Envoy proxies
>   (e.g. Stackdriver extensions).
>     * Istiod injection and validation webhook servers.
>     * Istiod xDS server.
>     * mTLS communication between Envoy proxies.
>     * regular TLS on the downstream and the upstream of Envoy proxies
>     (e.g. gateway)
> 
>     The restrictions are not applied on the following data paths:
>     * Istiod to Kubernetes API server.
>     * JWK fetch from Istiod.
>     * Wasm image and URL fetch from Istio Proxy containers.
>     * ztunnel.
> 
>     Note that Istio injector will propagate the value of `COMPLIANCE_POLICY` to the injected proxy container, when set. ([Issue #49081](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49081))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Added** an environment variable `COMPLIANCE_POLICY` to Istio components for
  enforcing TLS restriction for compliance with FIPS. When set to `fips-140-2`
  on the Istiod container, the Istio Proxy container, and all other Istio
  components, the TLS version is restricted to v1.2. The cipher suites are limited to a subset
  of `ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256`, `ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256`,
  `ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384`, `ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384`, and ECDH
  curves to `P-256`.

    These restrictions apply on the following data paths:
    * mTLS communication between Envoy proxies;
    * regular TLS on the downstream and the upstream of Envoy proxies (e.g. gateway);
    * Google gRPC side requests from Envoy proxies (e.g. Stackdriver extensions);
    * Istiod xDS server;
    * Istiod injection and validation webhook servers.

    The restrictions are not applied on the following data paths:
    * Istiod to Kubernetes API server;
    * JWK fetch from Istiod;
    * Wasm image and URL fetch from Istio Proxy containers;
    * ztunnel.

  Note that Istio injector will propagate the value of `COMPLIANCE_POLICY` to the
  injected proxy container, when set. ([Issue #49081](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49081))
```

- **Updated** the default value of the feature flag `VERIFY_CERT_AT_CLIENT` to `true`.
This means server certificates will be automatically verified using the OS CA certificates when not using a `DestinationRule` `caCertificates` field.
If undesired, please use the new `compatibilityVersion` feature
to fallback to old behavior, or `insecureSkipVerify` field
in `DestinationRule` to skip the verification.

- **Added** an environment variable `COMPLIANCE_POLICY` to
Istio components for enforcing TLS restriction for compliance
with FIPS. When set to `fips-140-2` on the Istiod container,
the Istio Proxy container, and all other Istio components,
TLS version is restricted to `v1.2`, the cipher suites to a
subset of `ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256`,`ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256`,
`ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384`, `ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384`,
and ECDH curves to `P-256`.

These restrictions apply on the following data paths:

> * Google gRPC side requests from Envoy proxies

Reviewer 2: The indentation here needs to be within that release note.

> These restrictions apply on the following data paths:
> * Google gRPC side requests from Envoy proxies
>   (e.g. Stackdriver extensions).
> * Istiod injection and validation webhook servers.
> * Istiod xDS server.
> * mTLS communication between Envoy proxies.
> * regular TLS on the downstream and the upstream of Envoy proxies
>     (e.g. gateway)
> 
> The restrictions are not applied on the following data paths:
> * Istiod to Kubernetes API server.
> * JWK fetch from Istiod.
> * Wasm image and URL fetch from Istio Proxy containers.
> * ztunnel.
> Note that Istio injector will propagate the value
> of `COMPLIANCE_POLICY` to the injected proxy container, when set.
> ([Issue #49081](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49081))

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    These restrictions apply on the following data paths:
    * Google gRPC side requests from Envoy proxies
  (e.g. Stackdriver extensions).
    * Istiod injection and validation webhook servers.
    * Istiod xDS server.
    * mTLS communication between Envoy proxies.
    * regular TLS on the downstream and the upstream of Envoy proxies
    (e.g. gateway)

    The restrictions are not applied on the following data paths:
    * Istiod to Kubernetes API server.
    * JWK fetch from Istiod.
    * Wasm image and URL fetch from Istio Proxy containers.
    * ztunnel.

    Note that Istio injector will propagate the value of `COMPLIANCE_POLICY` to the injected proxy container, when set. ([Issue #49081](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49081))
```

(This might be too many spaces indent for Hugo?)

Reviewer 2: Looks good from the preview https://deploy-preview-14717--preliminary-istio.netlify.app/latest/news/releases/1.21.x/announcing-1.21/change-notes/
